CHANGES IN VERSION 2.1.21
--------------------------

SIGNIFICANT USER-VISIBLE CHANGES

    o fileName()  returns the cache path on
      the disk for a file that has been cached and NA for files which 
      have not been cached. A warning is also given to the user stating 
      the number of files which are not cached
    
    o The error message (when file is not downloaded from the hub)
      displays the AHID, name of file and the reason for failure clearly.


CHANGES IN VERSION 2.1
----------------------

NEW FEATURES

    o as.list() splits AnnotationHub instances into a list of
    instances, each with a single record. c() concatenates hubs.

BUG FIXES

    o cache<- now behaves as documented, e.g., removing the cached
    version of the file.

CHANGES IN VERSION 2.0.0
------------------------

NEW FEATURES

    o AnnotationHub is all new.  We basically rewrote the entire thing.

    o The back end is new (new database, new way of tracking/routing
    data etc.)

    o The front end is new (new AnnotationHub object, new methods, new
    behaviors, new ways of finding and downloading data)

    o The metadata has also been cleaned up and made more
    consistent/searchable 

    o The recipes that are used to populate these data have also been
    cleaned up.  

    o There is also a new vignette to explain how to use the new
    AnnotationHub in detail 

IMPROVEMENTS SINCE LAST TIME

    o The old way of finding data (an enormous tree of paths), was not
    really scalable to the amount of data we have to provide access
    to.  So we junked it.  Now you have a number of better methods to
    allow you to search for terms instead.

    o The new hub interface can be searched using a new display
    method, but it can *also* be searched entirely from the command
    line.  This allows you to use it in examples and scripts in a way
    that is friendlier for reproducible research.
    
    o For users who want to contribute valuable new annotation
    resources to the AnnotationHub, it is now possible to write a
    recipe and test that it works for yourself.  Then once you are
    happy with it, you can contact us and we can add data to the
    AnnotationHub.
